Doc for masking for windows source template (#4686)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/opentelemetry-collector/remote-management/source-templates/windows/index.md

<ProcMetrics/>

- **Scan Interval**. The frequency at which the source is scanned.

> - **Processing Rules**.  You can add processing rules for logs/metrics collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../../processing-rules/index.md). For masking windows event logs please refer to [this](../../processing-rules/mask-rules-windows.md) doc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Processing Rules**.  You can add processing rules for logs/metrics collected. To learn more, refer to [Processing Rules](../../processing-rules/index.md). For masking windows event logs,  refer to [Mask Rules for Windows Source Template](mask-rules-windows.md).
```
